Yue Zhou, were you really fierce just now?
Oh.
Hey, Xiao Zhou, you just came to save me
Ah, hahaha, yeah, I'll give you some first.
You obviously miss me, why don't you give it to me?
I seem to have left my kidney first in the fight just now
I'll check it for you.
Are you okay?
Hey, don't you know how to set bones?
Xiao Zhang Zhang, come with me, it's so inappropriate
Brother save my brother brother save my brother
Your brother's hospital
Doctor, is his injury really okay?
Do you need to be hospitalized for observation?
How worried are you about the cost?
Can I teach it?
It's okay, it's just something outside the skin.
Is the boy so good?
This is your blessing.
I'll quit first
Thank you thank you
The past that has been experienced in turn is on the way
What the hell is going on?
Tell grandpa
Who beat you up like this?
Shen Mo of Shen Shen Group
Mr. Shen Yueyue
We can't afford to offend you.
Mr. Shen, a dignified president of the Shen Group
How could he be at a roadside stall?
roll
Right.
Hey, why didn't I react at the time?
Why does this bastard look like a little white face?
How could it be Mr. Shen?
Humph
I think this kid is tired and crooked
Live right?
Ah!
By the way, oops.
Your girlfriend
Is the designer of Shengshi Group
You have to be on the hot search two days ago, that slut?
edict
A Sesame Trash Company
You wait for grandpa
Let's get out of this bad breath